What do vegetarian zombies eat? - Grrrrrainnnnnssss.
If you're American when you go into the bathroom, and American when you come out, what are you when you're in there? - European
I just got fired from my job at the keyboard factory. - They told me I wasn't putting in enough shifts.
Why didn't the skeleton go for prom? - Because it had nobody.
Why are mummys scared of vacation? - They're afraid to unwind.
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? -  Because it was feeling crumbly.
How much does a hipster weigh? - An instagram.
Two guys walk into a bar . . . - The first guy says "Ouch!" and the second says "Yeah, I didn't see it either."
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? - Nothing, they just waved.
Who is the coolest Doctor in the hospital? - The hip Doctor!
What's red and bad for your teeth? - A Brick.
What did the late tomato say to the early tomato? - I’ll ketch up
Why did the tomato blush? - Because it saw the salad dressing.
Why did the functions stop calling each other? - Because they had constant arguments.
Bad at golf? - Join the club.
Why was the designer always cold? - Because they always used too much ice-olation.
Did you know crocodiles could grow up to 15 feet? - But most just have 4.
Did you know crocodiles could grow up to 15 feet? - But most just have 4.
Why did the programmer always mix up Halloween and Christmas? - Because Oct 31 equals Dec 25.
Why are graveyards so noisy? - Because of all the coffin.
Why are football stadiums so cool? - Because every seat has a fan in it.
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? - Aye Matey!
Why are oranges the smartest fruit? - Because they are made to concentrate. 
Knock knock. 
 Who's there? 
 Little old lady. 
 Little old lady who? - I didn't know you could yodel!
What do you call a suspicious looking laptop? - Asus
Why was the designer always cold? - Because they always used too much ice-olation.
Can February march? - No, but April may.
what do you call a dog that can do magic tricks? - a labracadabrador
What is a witch's favorite subject in school? - Spelling!
3 SQL statements walk into a NoSQL bar. Soon, they walk out - They couldn't find a table.
How do you get a baby alien to sleep? - You rocket.
Where was the Declaration of Independence signed? - At the bottom! 
What's the difference between a guitar and a fish? - You can tune a guitar but you can't "tuna"fish!
did you know the first French fries weren't cooked in France? - they were cooked in Greece
What did the Zen Buddist say to the hotdog vendor? - Make me one with everything.
Do you know where you can get chicken broth in bulk? - The stock market.
Have you ever heard of a music group called Cellophane? - They mostly wrap.
A termite walks into a bar and says... - 'Where is the bar tended?'
How do you get two whales in a car? - Start in England and drive West.
Why do bees hum? - Because they don't know the words.
Why don't eggs tell jokes? - Because they would crack each other up.
How do you make the number one disappear? - Add the letter G and it’s “gone”!
Why does Waldo only wear stripes? - Because he doesn't want to be spotted.
Where do hamburgers go to dance? - The meat-ball.
What did the beaver say to the tree? - It's been nice gnawing you.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? - It was two-tired.
Why did the programmer quit his job? - Because he didn't get arrays.
Why don't programmers like nature? - Too many bugs.
What do you call a factory that sells passable products? - A satisfactory
Why do valley girls hang out in odd numbered groups? - Because they can't even.
Why are pirates called pirates? - Because they arrr!
Why did the belt go to prison? - He held up a pair of pants!
What did the 0 say to the 8? - Nice belt.
Why did the kid throw the watch out the window? - So time would fly.
Why did the developer go to therapy? - They had too many unresolved issues.
Why do programmers prefer dark chocolate? - Because it's bitter like their code.
Why does a Moon-rock taste better than an Earth-rock? - Because it's a little meteor.
Why did the chicken get a penalty? - For fowl play.
How do you steal a coat? - You jacket.
Why are fish so smart? - Because they live in schools!
What do you call a careful wolf? - Aware wolf.
Where does batman go to the bathroom? - The batroom.
What do you call a pig with three eyes? - Piiig
What do you call a bear with no teeth? - A gummy bear!
Why do scuba divers fall backwards into the water? - Because if they fell forwards they’d still be in the boat.
Did you hear about the cow who jumped over the barbed wire fence? - It was udder destruction.
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? -  Because it was feeling crumbly.
If you're American when you go into the bathroom, and American when you come out, what are you when you're in there? - European
3 SQL statements walk into a NoSQL bar. Soon, they walk out - They couldn't find a table.
Why are football stadiums so cool? - Because every seat has a fan in it.
What do you get when you cross a chicken with a skunk? - A fowl smell!
Due to complaints, Hawaii passed a law where you're not allowed to laugh above a certain decibel. - You can only use a low ha.
Why did the worker get fired from the orange juice factory? - Lack of concentration.
What do you call an elephant that doesn’t matter? - An irrelephant.
What does the mermaid wear to math class? - Algae-bra.
How do you tell the difference between a crocodile and an alligator? - You will see one later and one in a while.
A user interface is like a joke. - If you have to explain it then it is not that good.
Why does Waldo only wear stripes? - Because he doesn't want to be spotted.
What did the spaghetti say to the other spaghetti? - Pasta la vista, baby!
What's the best thing about elevator jokes? - They work on so many levels.
Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? - Because then it'd be a foot!
What do you call a suspicious looking laptop? - Asus
What did the spaghetti say to the other spaghetti? - Pasta la vista, baby!
Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun? - She was a roman catholic.
What kind of award did the dentist receive? - A little plaque.
Why did the math book look sad? - Because it had too many problems.
What do vegetarian zombies eat? - Grrrrrainnnnnssss.
How do you organize a space party? - You planet.
Why did the developer go broke buying Bitcoin? - He kept calling it bytecoin and didn't get any.
What's brown and sticky? - A stick.
What do you call someone with no nose? - Nobody knows.
Bad at golf? - Join the club.
What do I look like? - A JOKE MACHINE!?
How do you check if a webpage is HTML5? - Try it out on Internet Explorer
When a dad drives past a graveyard: Did you know that's a popular cemetery? - Yep, people are just dying to get in there
Where do sheep go to get their hair cut? - The baa-baa shop.
Well... - That’s a deep subject.
Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? - The p is silent.
Where does Fonzie like to go for lunch? - Chick-Fil-Eyyyyyyyy.
What is the hardest part about sky diving? - The ground.
What do you do on a remote island? - Try and find the TV island it belongs to.
Knock knock. 
 Who's there? 
 Cows go. 
 Cows go who? - No, cows go moo.
What did the shy pebble wish for? - That she was a little boulder.
did you know the first French fries weren't cooked in France? - they were cooked in Greece
Why did the fireman wear red, white, and blue suspenders? - To hold his pants up.
How was the snow globe feeling after the storm? - A little shaken.
What’s brown and sounds like a bell? - Dung!
What did the scarf say to the hat? - You go on ahead, I am going to hang around a bit longer.
What does an angry pepper do? - It gets jalapeño face.
Did you hear about the runner who was criticized? - He just took it in stride
What did one plate say to the other plate? - Dinner is on me!
How are false teeth like stars? - They come out at night!
What do you call a group of disorganized cats? - A cat-tastrophe.
What do you call a fashionable lawn statue with an excellent sense of rhythmn? - A metro-gnome
What do you call a duck that gets all A's? - A wise quacker.
What is a witch's favorite subject in school? - Spelling!
What is this movie about? - It is about 2 hours long.
What did the mountain climber name his son? - Cliff.
What is the leading cause of dry skin? - Towels
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom? - A tuba toothpaste.
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? - Damn!
Why did the scarecrow win an award? - Because he was outstanding in his field.
You see, mountains aren't just funny. - They are hill areas.
What do you call a computer mouse that swears a lot? - A cursor!
Why was the font always tired? - It was always bold.
Why did the belt go to prison? - He held up a pair of pants!
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? - They say he made a mint.
How many seconds are in a year? - 12. January 2nd, February 2nd, March 2nd, April 2nd.... etc
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? - Look for fresh prints.
A user interface is like a joke. - If you have to explain it then it is not that good.
Why does Waldo only wear stripes? - Because he doesn't want to be spotted.
Why didn't the number 4 get into the nightclub? - Because he is 2 square.
Did you hear the news? - FedEx and UPS are merging. They’re going to go by the name Fed-Up from now on.
Did you hear about the chameleon who couldn't change color? - They had a reptile dysfunction.
Why would a guitarist become a good programmer? - He's adept at riffing in C#.
Hey, wanna hear a joke? - Parsing HTML with regex.
When is a door not a door? - When it's ajar.
Why does Superman get invited to dinners? - Because he is a Supperhero.
Why don't programmers like nature? - There's too many bugs.
I couldn't get a reservation at the library... - They were fully booked.
Why do choirs keep buckets handy? - So they can carry their tune
What do you call a pig with three eyes? - Piiig
Why did the chicken cross the playground? - To get to the other slide.
Why do wizards clean their teeth three times a day? - To prevent bat breath!
How do you tell the difference between a crocodile and an alligator? - You will see one later and one in a while.
What's the difference between a seal and a sea lion? - An ion! 
Why are fish easy to weigh? - Because they have their own scales.
How do you get two whales in a car? - Start in England and drive West.
What do you get when you cross a React developer with a mathematician? - A function component.
What’s 50 Cent’s name in Zimbabwe? - 200 Dollars.
How can you tell a vampire has a cold? - They start coffin.
How good are you at Power Point? - I Excel at it.
How does a train eat? - It goes chew, chew
What do prisoners use to call each other? - Cell phones.
Why does Waldo only wear stripes? - Because he doesn't want to be spotted.
What is the hardest part about sky diving? - The ground.
